Israel's military operation has killed
another 54 Palestinians across Gaza the
Gaza Health Ministry says
38,1 153 people have been killed since
October the 7th these were the scenes in
Gaza City as thousands of Palestinians
were forced to leave their homes in
almost complete darkness it follows an
Israeli evacuation order families were
forced to search for a place to set up
tents with gunfire and artillery
shelling nearby and these are some of
the latest Imes coming from the city
where Israeli attacks have intensified
Israeli forces say they're carrying out
strikes on Hamas targets Palestinian
journalist Ibrahim alal has sent us this
report from the
area we are here standing in the center
of Gaza City as you can see people this
place from atah neighborhood after the
military operation expanded just right
now like civilians have been laying on
the ground after a Relentless
bombardment resulting in killing many
civilians in a neighborhood as you can
hear quad CS mad gunshots artillery
Shilling on the neighborhood like all
all of the area is just upside down
after this brutal brutal air strikes
fallen down on a neighborhood and
neighborhood after the evacuation
order we were sitting at home when we
suddenly heard shells falling around us
they told us to leave the area so we
left immediately
we did not carry our belongings or
clothes we just carried our children and
ran we have nowhere to go we don't even
have blankets what can we do we got
displaced and then two weeks later we're
displaced again civilians have nowhere
to go as you can see the suffering
continues with civilians uh they have no
place to go
to make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from alzer